when someone walks into this class
whether here in Hollywood Santa Monica
or Dallas or New York I want them to
know that they're coming to a class full
of energy and they're gonna walk out
like on fire and so excited that they
did come to class but it go home and sit
on the couch and they're gonna feel
amazing after workout we're all in it
for the greater result of health and
fitness finally I have something that
actually will tone and work and sculpt
my arms I've just noticed it's been
really amazing like that I actually have
upper body muscle now look at their arms
they have cut fat just inches and
they're building the triceps through
five steps their shoulders who are back
you can see the definition and their
muscle I'm very happy about that it's
the hardest workout and the most
rewarding workout that I've ever
participated in and I love it that's why
I'm coming here four days a week it's
the class that keeps you going
that's why I come back every day that
I'm supposed to be here it every time
because I love it so much
they're guns now they were pistol
this is a body sculpting program but
with the constant movement and use of
the shape way everything we're doing in
the class plus the nutrition programs
these guys are dropping fast until today
I've lost thirty four and a half pounds
I've lost ten pounds
quite a few people actually I noticed
I've lost a lot of weight reshape some
things it's much easier when you have a
program that you can follow in the last
30 days I have lost over ten pounds as
well I've lost four inches in my ways I
made a huge change in my life I'm
sleeping better I feel a lot better a
lot more energy I can run up a flight of
stairs and not the other breath I feel
like I have an entirely different body
after 30 days people at work are coming
up to me and asking me what I'm doing or
like you've lost so much weight you know
so quickly how did you do it and and I
bring this to work and I show them the
shake weight and they're like no way
there's no way you've lost weight doing
this and I said come to the class this
is really it's an incredible workout
every two to four weeks we're advancing
what our body is capable of doing
because sometimes we'll focus a little
bit on muscular endurance and sometimes
I feel like a little Latin flavor for
the night so we're doing more Latin or
we're doing more strength training moves
but it's all a part of the progression
of the I feel great I want to wear tank
tops all the time to show off my arms
and every used to feel that way my arms
they've just shrunk out because I said
just huge arms just covered in fat and
now I can actually feel a muscle under
it which is incredible than me I feel
confident when I go out now like just my
overall body
this is started my stepping-stone to a
better life better health and more
fitness and I was good again yeah it's
great I don't want to stop it's more of
a serious tool that I feel has helped me
to reach my goals and will continue to
help me reach my goals because I'm not
putting it down now my goal for everyone
in this eight-week program is to be able
to really get a full body workout with
the shape way and to tone tighten and
tone sculpt that body eight weeks later
I want everyone to just fill on fire and
keep taking the class and keep spreading
the message because how could you not
share this this is like this is this is
amazing just like candy there's no
camera
know what your body